Link to Libera instead of Freenode (#127476)
NixOS/nixpkgs: .github/STALE-BOT.md

- Thanks for your contribution!
- To remove the stale label, just leave a new comment.
- _How to find the right people to ping?_ &rarr; [`git blame`](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-blame) to the rescue! (or GitHub's history and blame buttons.)

> - You can always ask for help on [our Discourse Forum](https://discourse.nixos.org/) or on the [#nixos IRC channel](https://web.libera.chat/#nixos).

Reviewer: This should probably mention Matrix.

Author: Sure, I also added that to the manual.

> - You can always ask for help on [our Discourse Forum](https://discourse.nixos.org/), [our Matrix space](https://matrix.to/#/!MKvhXlSTLGJUXpYuWF:nixos.org), or on the [#nixos IRC channel](https://web.libera.chat/#nixos).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can always ask for help on [our Discourse Forum](https://discourse.nixos.org/), [our Matrix room](https://matrix.to/#/#community:nixos.org), or on the [#nixos IRC channel](https://web.libera.chat/#nixos).
```
Otherwise, people without spaces support will have problems and others will not know which room to join.

Reviewer 2: Actually #community:nixos.org is the space.

Reviewer: Oops, should be `#nix:nixos.org`.
